documentation/docs/pages/contributing/Edit-Config-Docs.md, before:

## ACCESS-rAM3-configs documentation contributions welcome 🙏
This documentation is a work in progress, and we welcome any contributions, including corrections and suggestions.

All contributions are welcome but we would particularly appreciate text suggestions (below). Contributions can be made in a few ways:

### Quick contributions 
!!! tip
    This method has the advantage is that it's *very quick* (<1 minute!). The caveat is that, unless you have write access to the `access-ram3-configs` repository, you will not be able to preview the changes rendered into a website or create whole new pages. <br>

The simplest and fastest way to make a change to an _existing_ page is to click the edit "pencil" on the top-right corner. This will go to the relevant GitHub markdown file and clicking the top-right pencil again on GitHub will allow you to edit the file. Once complete, click `Commit changes...`. There are then _two_ possibilities, depending on whether you have  write access to [`access-ram3-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs): 

1.  **No write access** (e.g. you are not part of the `ACCESS-NRI` GitHub organisation): this will prompt you to make a fork and then a pull request (less than 1 minute!). 
1.  **You have write access**: please commit changes on a new branch and then use a pull request (this relates to the next option). 

### Larger contributions (online PR-previews)
!!! tip
    This method allows you create whole new pages, and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It does not require you to install any software, but is **only available for people with write access to [`access-ram3-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs)**.<br>

Create a new branch, e.g. `<github username>/doc-update`, make doc changes (the documentation sources are in [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation)), then open a related PR and a GitHub preview will be made automatically.

### Larger contributions (`mkdocs` offline)
!!! tip
    Similar to the above, this method allows you create whole new pages and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It works whether or not you have write access to [`access-ram3-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs), but requires you to install `mkdocs` and takes the longest to set up.<br>

Following [these instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/contribute_on_github/) but noting the documentation sources are in [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation). You'll need to fork and clone [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs) if you want to [write your own content](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/contribute_on_github/) (`mkdocs serve` should be invoked from within the `documentation` directory).

If you want to add a new page, then you need to add another markdown file in the folder (or sub-folder as appropriate):
[github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation/docs/pages](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/tree/main/documentation/docs/pages)

Once done, update the documentation navigation in [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/blob/main/documentation/mkdocs.yml](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/blob/main/documentation/mkdocs.yml) by adding an entry under the `nav:` section. Note you'll need to add the sub-folder paths as appropriate.

Commit message:

Updated docs after repository renaming

documentation/docs/pages/contributing/Edit-Config-Docs.md, after:

{% set repo_name = "access-ram3-config-docs" %}
{% set repo_url = "https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/" ~ repo_name %}

## ACCESS-rAM3-configs documentation contributions welcome 🙏
This documentation is a work in progress, and we welcome any contributions, including corrections and suggestions.

All contributions are welcome but we would particularly appreciate text suggestions (below). Contributions can be made in a few ways:

### Quick contributions 
!!! tip
    This method has the advantage to be *very quick* (<1 minute!). The caveat is that, unless you have write access to the [{{repo_name}}]({{repo_url}}) repository, you will not be able to preview the changes rendered into a website or create whole new pages. <br>

The simplest and fastest way to make a change to an _existing_ page is to click the edit "pencil" on the top-right corner. This will go to the relevant GitHub markdown file and clicking the top-right pencil again on GitHub will allow you to edit the file. Once complete, click `Commit changes...`. There are then _two_ possibilities, depending on whether you have  write access to [{{repo_name}}]({{repo_url}}): 

1.  **No write access** (e.g. you are not part of the `ACCESS-NRI` GitHub organisation): this will prompt you to make a fork and then a pull request (less than 1 minute!). 
2.  **You have write access**: please commit changes on a new branch and then use a pull request (this relates to the next option). 

### Larger contributions (online PR-previews)
!!! tip
    This method allows you create whole new pages, and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It does not require you to install any software, but is **only available for people with write access to [{{repo_name}}]({{repo_url}})**.<br>

Create a new branch, e.g. `<github username>/doc-update`, make doc changes (the documentation source code is in the [`documentation` folder]({{repo_url}}/tree/main/documentation)), then open a related PR and a GitHub preview will be created automatically.

### Larger contributions (`mkdocs` offline)
!!! tip
    Similar to the above, this method allows you create whole new pages and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It works whether or not you have write access to [{{repo_name}}]({{repo_url}}), but requires you to install `mkdocs` and takes the longest to set up.<br>

Following [these instructions](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/contribute_on_github/) but noting the documentation sources are in the [`documentation` folder]({{repo_url}}/tree/main/documentation). You'll need to fork and clone the [{{repo_name}}]({{repo_url}}) repository if you want to [write your own content](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/about/contribute/contribute_on_github/) (`mkdocs serve` should be invoked from within the `documentation` directory).

If you want to add a new page, you should add a markdown file in the [`pages`]({{repo_url}}/tree/main/documentation/docs/pages) folder (or one of its sub-folders, as appropriate) with the page-related content.<br>
Then, update the documentation navigation in the [`mkdocs.yml` file]({{repo_url}}/blob/main/documentation/mkdocs.yml) by adding an entry under the `nav:` section. Note you'll need to specify the correct path for the added page, relative to the [`docs`]({{repo_url}}/tree/main/documentation/docs) folder.
