documentation/docs/pages/contributing/index.md, before:

## Getting involved in ACCESS-rAM3

There are several ways we welcome feedback and contributions on ACCESS-rAM3 development. **Contributions from people of all career stages and backgrounds are highly encouraged.** The models and configurations we develop are under the MOSRS license. Development is led by the [Momentum Partnership](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/research/approach/collaboration/momentum-partnership).  ACCESS-NRI tailors the development to run on the Australian [Gadi](https://opus.nci.org.au/display/Help/0.+Welcome+to+Gadi#id-0.WelcometoGadi-Overview) Supercomputer, using datasets available to all Australian researchers.


### Report a bug or make a suggestion

Technical issues related to ACCESS-rAM3 are best posted to [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/issues](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-configs/issues). If you would like to discuss the issue first, feel free to post it on the [access hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/).

### ACCESS-rAM3 configuration documentation

We appreciate contributions, typo and bugs fixes to this documentation. To make suggestions please see [Edit Config Docs](Edit-Config-Docs/) page.

Commit message:

Updated docs after repository renaming

documentation/docs/pages/contributing/index.md, after:

## Getting involved in ACCESS-rAM3

There are several ways we welcome feedback and contributions on ACCESS-rAM3 development. **Contributions from people of all career stages and backgrounds are highly encouraged.** The models and configurations we develop are under the MOSRS license. Development is led by the [Momentum Partnership](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/research/approach/collaboration/momentum-partnership).  ACCESS-NRI tailors the development to run on the Australian [Gadi](https://opus.nci.org.au/display/Help/0.+Welcome+to+Gadi#id-0.WelcometoGadi-Overview) Supercomputer, using datasets available to all Australian researchers.


### Report a bug or make a suggestion

Technical issues related to ACCESS-rAM3 are best posted on GitHub as an issue to the [access-ram3-config-docs](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-ram3-config-docs/issues) repository. If you would like to discuss the issue first, feel free to post it on the [access hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/).

### ACCESS-rAM3 configuration documentation

We appreciate contributions, typo and bugs fixes to this documentation. To make suggestions please see [Edit Config Docs](Edit-Config-Docs/) page.
